i once ruined oktoberfest for 2 000
people
with my miley cyrus impression
when did this happen sophie uh it
happened
around three years ago in
munich where they host the only
oktoberfest that matters
because that's the original how did you
ruin it for everyone what happened
well i was at my favorite tent it's a
serie the octoberfest it's a series of
tents
and the idea is you just get you get
together you sit in these kind of booths
and have
uh one liter of beer which is a mass
not a stein which every english person
seems to believe
it's not called a stein it drives me
crazy in german it's wrong
it's a mass anyway i can drink six
without vomiting
six liters that's 12 pints and without
vomiting well done yeah
so you're in your favorite tent i'm in
my favorite tent
and there's about 2 000 people in there
exactly
the tents hosts different capacities
this tent is quite small
so it's quite large to me i mean i would
say as
you clearly haven't been yeah but i'm
saying i have seen tents and i'm saying
what i would call quite a large tent
would still not hold
two thousand people we're not talking
about the millet's family tent
it's more of a marquee type tent yes
well i'm what i'm trying to do is impose
some sort of broader context to this
conversation about tense
because we're going to go mad if we
start calling tents that contain 2 000
people
small tents otherwise we've lost all
respect for adjectives
so uh we were all in our oktoberfest
outfits
in the dinner dress and dinner dress
dunder darling you would be wearing a
lederhosen but then
i haven't seen your calves so you
certainly don't want to
sure about that anyway um
she's flirting with you david he's a
very bad i would never do that
i've heard he's gorgeous look at it
this is weird
he's like a young athletic bill bryson
oh thank you with a little bit of
paddington bear
if i remember correctly there was this
very poorly attached
kind of lamp shade hanging there and at
some point i
i was drunk enough to to channel miley
cyrus's performance in the video
wrecking ball
seemed like a great idea after
i don't know four moss by then for
steins i think it is
stop it don't even get me started on
that and
um are you too flirting again
i really wouldn't know
sophie work with him a bit more i'm
loving this
keep doing it until he faints
all right okay so um i then
just launched myself onto this lamp
i have a good two swings on it and then
the whole thing
crashes down collapses with me and
there's an electrical cut
in the tent so i kind of had to lie to
the waiters it wasn't me it kind of
pointed at some guy but haven't they
seen you on the
well i mean it's a big tent and i said
it was a small tent
well it's still two thousand people this
was my point from the start
compared to the average term
so what do we think could it be true i
really want it to be true
because it's funny raj what do you think
i have been to the oktoberfest and
everything she said sounds true to me
we'll say true you're gonna say
true sophie truth or lie
well it wasn't the proudest moment of my
life but it's the truth
[Applause]